Remove vector dimension from examples (#2597)
cap-js/docs: guides/databases/vector-embeddings.md

Use the [SAP Generative AI Hub](https://www.sap.com/products/artificial-intelligence/generative-ai-hub.html) for unified consumption of embedding models and LLMs across different vendors and open-source models. Check for available models on the [SAP AI Launchpad](https://help.sap.com/docs/ai-launchpad/sap-ai-launchpad-user-guide/models-and-scenarios-in-generative-ai-hub-fef463b24bff4f44a33e98bb1e4f3148#models).

## Add Embeddings to Your CDS Model

> Use the built-in CDL [Vector type](../../cds/types) to store embeddings. Use `Vector` without specifying a dimension to simplify changing the embedding model, or make sure the vector dimension matches the embedding model (for example, 768 for *SAP_GXY.20250407*).

Reviewer: From the sample later on, the vector dimension (prev. length) has been removed. According to this sentence,  the dimension should be somewhere in it, or?

Author: The dimension is not necessary and removing it makes it easier to change the embedding model in a later step to one providing vectors with a different dimension.

Reviewer: Ok. And how can I make sure that the "vector dimension matches the embedding model"?

Author: that's only necessary if a vector dimension is specified (or).
```suggestion
Use the built-in CDL [Vector type](../../cds/types) to store embeddings. Use `Vector` without specifying a dimension to simplify changing the embedding model. If you specify a vector dimension, make sure it matches the embedding model (for example, 768 for *SAP_GXY.20250407*).
```

Reviewer: Thanks. I really haven't understood/read that before. So if I specify it, it would be clear how to do it, right? I guess like this:

`embedding : Vector(768) = vector_embedding(`

Author: Yes, that should be clear from the type definition
